README.md, before:

<img width="100%" src="https://capsule-render.vercel.app/api?type=waving&color=gradient"/>

<img width="100%" src="https://capsule-render.vercel.app/api?type=venom&height=150&color=0:8871e5,100:b678c4&text=Mini%20Projects&stroke=B4CCE7&strokeWidth=2&animation=twinkling"/>

<img width="100%" height="50" src="https://i.imgur.com/dBaSKWF.gif"/>

A curated set of **focused, goal-oriented mini projects** built to apply and reinforce my programming knowledge.  
Each project explores real-world problems, simple automation, or interesting concepts using clean, functional code. 🔍

These aren’t just snippets — they’re **small but complete solutions** 🚀.

***:)***

## Directory Structure
```
mini-projects
├── stock_market_analysis_with_signals/
└── README.md
```

## About the Author

🥷 **John Mike Asuncion (Mike)**

- Driven **1st-year Computer Engineering student** with a keen interest in Data Science, Engineering, Machine Learning, and Artificial Intelligence.


<img width="100%" src="https://capsule-render.vercel.app/api?type=waving&color=gradient&section=footer"/>

Commit message:

docs: add crdts and acknowledgements

README.md, after:

<img width="100%" src="https://capsule-render.vercel.app/api?type=waving&color=gradient"/>

<img width="100%" src="https://capsule-render.vercel.app/api?type=venom&height=150&color=0:8871e5,100:b678c4&text=Mini%20Projects&stroke=B4CCE7&strokeWidth=2&animation=twinkling"/>

<img width="100%" height="50" src="https://i.imgur.com/dBaSKWF.gif"/>

A curated set of **focused, goal-oriented mini projects** built to apply and reinforce my programming knowledge.  
Each project explores real-world problems, simple automation, or interesting concepts using clean, functional code. 🔍

These aren’t just snippets — they’re **small but complete solutions** 🚀.

***:)***

## Directory Structure
```
mini-projects
├── stock_market_analysis_with_signals/
└── README.md
```

## About the Author

🥷 **John Mike Asuncion (Mike)**

- Driven **1st-year Computer Engineering student** with a keen interest in Data Science, Engineering, Machine Learning, and Artificial Intelligence.

## Credits and Acknowledgements

**Some of the sample code, concepts, and learning materials in this repository are inspired by tutorials, open-source projects, and educational content created by developers, educators, and communities across the web.**

I do not claim ownership over any third-party content referenced here. All code and resources are used purely for learning, experimentation, and non-commercial academic purposes under fair use.

If you are the original creator of any material and would like to request proper credit or removal, feel free to open an issue in this repository.

Huge thanks to the developers, content creators, and educators, including resources from various platforms, who continue to make learning accessible and inspiring for students and self-learners like me.

<img width="100%" src="https://capsule-render.vercel.app/api?type=waving&color=gradient&section=footer"/>
